# watch-sim

A command-line WatchKit application launcher for the iOS Simulator.


## Installation

```
$ git clone https://github.com/alloy/watch-sim.git
$ cd watch-sim
$ make install [PREFIX=/usr/local]
```


## Usage

```
$ watch-sim path/to/build/WatchHost.app \
            -display [Compact|Regular] -type [Glance|Notification] \
            -notification-payload [path/to/payload.json] -verbose [YES|NO] \
            -start-suspended [YES|NO] -developer-dir [Xcode.app/Contents/Developer]
```

The launcher does **not** build applications, as the name implies, it is only meant to _launch_
applications. As such, you will first have to create a build of your application with your favorite
build tool and then point `watch-sim` at it.


#### Options

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`-display [Compact|Regular]`

The Apple Watch device to simulate, which correspond to respectively the 38mm and the 42mm devices.

This defaults to `Regular`.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`-type [Glance|Notification]`

The type of WatchKit application interface to simulate.

This defaults to `nil`, which corresponds to the normal full WatchKit application.

In the case of a `Notification` application interface, you are required to specify the
`-notification-payload` option.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`-notification-payload [path/to/payload.json]`

The data payload used to populate a `Notification` WatchKit application interface with.

An example payload file is generated by Xcode when adding a WatchKit application with Notification
interface to your project.

This is required when the `-type Notification` option is specified.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`-verbose [YES|NO]`

Whether or not to log the steps being taken to the console.

Defaults to `NO`.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`-start-suspended [YES|NO]`

Whether or not to immediately finish launching the application once the debugger has attached.

You can use this to set additional breakpoints _before_ the application has a chance to run any of
your own code.

Defaults to `NO`.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`-developer-dir [Xcode.app/Contents/Developer]`

The installation location of an Xcode application bundle that provides support for WatchKit
applications.

Defaults to the `DEVELOPER_DIR` environment variable, if set, or `xcode-select -p`.


## Random

I would have called this program ‘Nanny’, as in ‘WatchKit’ -> ‘watch kid’ -> ‘nanny. Would it have
been a stretch? Yeah, I though as much. Reality, such a major bummer.
